# COLL 110: Quiz 3 - Bitboards and board representation

---

Which of the following board representations allow for efficient queries for the locations of
pieces (e.g. "where is the white king?")?
Select all that apply.

- [x] Piece lists.
- [x] Bitboard-based board representation.
- [ ] Mailboxes.
- [ ] JPEG screenshots of the board.

---

Gronald wants to very efficiently detect repetitions in his implementation of move-making.
Which approach is most efficient?

- [x] Store a hash-map from Zobrist keys to the number of times a position has been encountered, and
      then look up the number of encounters and use its quantity to determine if there is a
      repetition.
- [ ] Store a hash-map from boards states to the number of times a position has been encountered,
      and then look up the number of encounters and use its quantity to determine if there is a
      repetition.
- [ ] Store a list containing the history of the position, and then count the number of times the
      latest position appears in the history.

---

What aspects are desirable for a set of Zobrist keys in $\mathbb{Z}_2^b$?

- [x] Having a large minimal linearly dependent subset.
- [ ] Having a small maximal linearly independent subset.
- [ ] Having a large Hamming distance between each key.
- [ ] Forming a basis over $\mathbb{Z}_2^b$.

---

How are you doing on homework 1?
All answers are correct.

- [x] I haven't even looked at it yet.
- [x] I've looked at it, but haven't started coding.
- [x] I've started coding but have no tests passing.
- [x] I've gotten one or more tests passing.
- [x] I've completed the assignment.
- [x] I've completed the extra credit.

---

Feedback section for Clayton.
